Big boss
The hiding place of the genius doctor Xiao Ming
I can show you the way
I thought I had more backbone
Come
Take him away
Why don't you leave him to me?
I have my own way
What else do you want?
I've already said what I need to say
I don't care how you stole the rice
I just want to know
What did you do before you fell into the grass and became a kou?
I was originally a superintendent under Sheriff Song Zong
I lost my job when the sheriff died
This is the beginning of wandering
So what do you know about the death of the blower sheriff?
He seemed to have been investigating something
Seems like more than just a case
Is it Brother Jiang?
Which big man's conspiracy was discovered?
You silenced
What else do you know?
I don't know the rest
Oh, by the way, the big boss seems to know something
I remember.
The head seems to have mentioned the name Sun Wukong
Then why did you stay with Xiao Ming?
He was originally the child of the second wife of the Xiao family
I had to leave the Xiao family because I offended the eldest lady
Oh.
I'll ask you again.
The mistress of the Xiao family and the wife of the commander
The birth of two stillborn babies at the same time
How much do you know?
I-I don't know. I don't know what you're talking about
Xiaoming is the second son of the Xiao family
You are Song Feng's assistant again
But the commander is quite close
How could you not know
I don't know. I don't know.
Get out of my way
Don't say it, right?
Ok then I have a way